added claim-phases guide (#59)
nftlabs/portal: portal/guides/create-nft-drop-with-claim-phases.mdx

---

> title: Create An NFT Drop With Claim Phases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Release an NFT Drop with an allowlist and multiple claim phases
```

author: Samina
authorAvatar: "/assets/portal/authors/samina.jpeg"
authorTwitter: "https://twitter.com/saminacodes"
draft: false

> tags: [nft-drop, claim-phases, no-code]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tags: [nft-drop, claim-phases, no-code, allowlist]
```
